feat(Rules): Update rules (#211)
truecharts/website: src/pages/code_of_conduct.md

## Our Rules

> We are a dedicated bunch of people, working on Helm Charts and community Apps for TrueNAS SCALE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are a dedicated bunch of people, working on Helm Charts and Apps for multiple platforms
```
